Stephanie motors 36 here and I'm back
with a Lego transformer I haven't made a
other transformer review or transformers
view in a long time so here is scatter
shop I know he's got a shot of be like
truck tank truck and Cybertron but I
decided make it dinosaur because he has
a gun on his shoulder so yeah that's
kind of like a swinging tail and pull
resize comparison I'll bring out oh the
little beast
transformers they're like all the team
except this guy Decepticon oh whatever
just put them there so yeah put these
guys back up here oh yeah and yeah now
for the transformation first thing you
do you take the tail off turns into a
gun then you flip his legs down like
that and you want to put this around he
has like a whoops put it out too much
like that and then you flip the gun arm
then like flip this way and this is like
the post for the gun which goes on top
of him like whoops think wait I think I
forgot it's been such a long time
whatever I'll just put it that way yeah
like that so there is scatter shop
oh he's really cool so I really like I
really enjoyed making the Beast
Transformers and yeah I hope you like
him too and here is a size comparison
with she door yep he's very tough he
might be the leader of the autobot beast
saying beast machine things so yeah hope
you like him and see